[Docs] Short section about improving perf + other smaller fixes (#211)
MystenLabs/seal: UsingSeal.md

For observability, the server exposes Prometheus-compatible metrics on port `9184`. You can access raw metrics by running `curl http://0.0.0.0:9184`. These metrics can also be visualized using tools like Grafana. The key server also includes a basic health check endpoint on port `2024`: `curl http://0.0.0.0:2024/health`.

#### CORS
You will need to configure CORS (Cross-Origin Resource Sharing) to allow client-side applications to make requests to your key server. Here's a recommended CORS configuration:

```shell
Access-Control-Allow-Origin: *
Access-Control-Allow-Methods: GET, POST, OPTIONS
Access-Control-Allow-Headers: Request-Id, Client-Sdk-Type, Client-Sdk-Version
```

> If an API key is required, please add also its HTTP header name to `Access-Control-Allow-Headers`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your key server requires an API key, make sure to include the corresponding HTTP header name in `Access-Control-Allow-Headers` as well.
```
